Update to graalvm and mandrel 22.3.0 - 2.13 (#29028)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/building-native-image.adoc

Sample multistage Dockerfile for building an image from `scratch`:

[source,dockerfile,subs=attributes+]
----
## Stage 1 : build with maven builder image with native capabilities

> FROM quay.io/quarkus/ubi-quarkus-graalvmce-builder-image:{graalvm-flavor} AS build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FROM quay.io/quarkus/ubi-quarkus-native-image:{graalvm-flavor} AS build
```

Author: Oh! Nice catch!
